
Notice of Privacy Practices
MEMBER INFORMATION. MEMBER RIGHTS. OUR RESPONSIBILITIES.
This notice describes how medical information about the Member may be used and disclosed and how the Member (or your health care attorney-in-fact) can get access to this information. For purposes of this notice, Member means the person attending our Center and receiving the adult day care services. Please review this Notice carefully. 
 
MEMBER RIGHTS 
When it comes to the Member's health information, the Member has certain rights. This section explains the Member's rights and some of our responsibilities to help the Member. 
GET AN ELECTRONIC OR PAPER COPY OF THE MEMBER'S MEDICAL RECORD 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of the Member's medical record and other health information we have about the Member. Ask us how to do this. 
We will provide a copy or a summary of the Member's health information, usually within 30 days of the request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee. 
ASK US TO CORRECT THE MEMBER'S MEDICAL RECORD 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can ask us to correct health information about the Member that is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this. 
We may say "no" to the request, but we'll explain why in writing within 60 days. 
REQUEST CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can ask us to contact the Member (or their attorney-in tact) in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address. 
We will say "yes" to all reasonable requests. 
ASK US TO LIMIT WHAT WE USE OR SHARE 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to the request, and we may say "no" if it would affect the Member's care. 
If the Member or representative pays for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, 
the Member or representative can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with the Member's health insurer. We will say "yes" unless a law requires us to share that information. 
GET A LIST OF THOSE WITH WHOM WE HAVE SHARED INFORMATION
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can request a list (accounting) of the times we've shared the Member's health information for six years prior to the date requested, who we shared it with, and why. 
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care 
operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) asked us to make). We'll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost based fee if the Member (or its attorney-in-fact) requests another one within 12 months. 
GET A COPY OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) has agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide a paper copy promptly. 
CHOOSE SOMEONE TO ACT FOR THE MEMBER 
If the Member has given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is the Member's legal guardian, that person can exercise the Member's rights and make choices about the Member's health information. 
We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for the Member before we take any 
action. 
FILE A COMPLAINT IF THE MEMBER FEELS THEIR RIGHTS ARE VIOLATED 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can complain if they feel we have violated the Member's rights by contacting us using the information on the last page of this notice. 
The Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can file a complaint with the South Carolina Department of Public Health, calling (888) 843-3718 or by visiting website https://apps.dhec.sc.gov/Health/GenCounselComplaints/ 
We will not retaliate against the Member for filing a complaint. 
 
MEMBER'S CHOICES 
For certain health information, the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can tell us their choices about what we share. If the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) has a clear preference for how we share the information in the situations described below, talk to us. Provide the instructions and we will follow the instructions. 
In these cases, the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) has both the right and choice to tell us to: 
Share information with the family, close friends, or others involved in the care 
Share information in a disaster relief situation 
Include the Member's information in a hospital directory 
If the Member (or its attorney-in-fact) is not able to tell us the preference, for example if the Member is unconscious, we may share their information if we believe it is in the Member's best interest. We may also share the Member's information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety. 
In these cases, we never share the Member's information unless the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) gives us written permission: 
Marketing purposes 
Sale of the Member's information 
Most sharing of psychotherapy notes 
In the case of fundraising: 
We may contact the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) for fundraising efforts, but the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) can tell us not to contact them again. 
 
OUR USES & DISCLOSURES 
How do we typically use or share the Member's health information? 
We typically use or share the Member's health information in the following ways: 
TO TREAT THE MEMBER 
We can use the Member's health information and share it with other professionals who are treating the Member. Example: A doctor treating the Member for an injury asks another doctor about the Member's overall health condition. 
TO RUN OUR ORGANIZATION 
We can use and share the Member's health information to run our organization, improve the Member's care, and contact the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) when necessary. Example: We use health information about the Member to manage their treatment and services. 
TO BILL FOR SERVICES 
We can use and share the Member's health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities. Example: We give information about the Member to the Member's health insurance plan so it will pay for the services. 
How else can we use or share the Member's health information? 
We are allowed or required to share the Member's information in other ways - usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share the Member's information for these purposes. For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html. 
PUBLIC HEALTH & SAFETY ISSUES 
We can share health information about the Member's for certain situations such as: 
Preventing disease 
Helping with product recalls 
Reporting adverse reactions to medications 
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence 
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone's health or safety 
Do Research 
We can use or share the Member's information for health research. 
 
COMPLY WITH THE LAW 
We will share information about the Member if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we're complying with federal privacy law. 
RESPOND TO ORGAN & TISSUE DONATION REQUESTS 
We can share health information about the Member with organ procurement organizations. 
WORK WITH A MEDICAL EXAMINER OR FUNERAL DIRECTOR 
We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies. 
ADDRESS WORKERS' COMPENSATION, LAW ENFORCEMENT, & OTHER GOVERNMENT REQUESTS 
We can use or share health information about the Member: 
For workers' compensation claims 
For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official 
With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law 
For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective services 
RESPOND TO LAWSUITS & LEGAL ACTIONS 
We can share health information about the Member in response to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena. 
 
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES 
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of the Member's protected health information. 
We will let the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) know promptly if a breach occurs that may have 
compromised the privacy or security of the Member's information. 
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) a copy of it. 
We will not use or share the Member's information other than as described here unless the Member 
(or their attorney-in-fact) tells us we can in writing. If the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) tell us we can, the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) may change their mind at any time. Let us know in writing if the Member (or their attorney-in-fact) change your mind. 
For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html. 
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF THIS NOTICE 
We can change the terms of this notice, and the changes will apply to all information we have about the Member. The new notice will be available upon request, in our office, and on our website. 
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS FOR NOTICE 
This Notice is effective as of 10/1/2024. 
CENTER CONTACT 
Michelle Piscatelli, Center Director   
803-591-9898 
Email: mpiscatelli@townsquare.net 
Town Square Fort Mill 
368 Fort Mill Parkway, Fort Mill, SC 29715 
 
Responsible Party/Guarantor Acknowledgement: __________________________________________ Date __________
